Add message expiry interval option for MQTT devices (#45430)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alarm_control_panel.mqtt.markdown

  description: The MQTT topic subscribed to receive a JSON dictionary payload and then set as sensor attributes. Usage example can be found in [MQTT sensor](/integrations/sensor.mqtt/#json-attributes-topic-configuration) documentation.
  required: false
  type: string
message_expiry_interval:

>   description: "Controls how long queued or retained messages sent from Home Assisant persist at the broker for offline subscribers. This option prevents that the broker retains stale messages. The expected value for this option is a JSON mapping, for example `{\"days\": 1, \"hours\": 2, \"minutes\": 20, \"seconds\": 30}` or `{\"seconds\": 3600}`."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Controls how long queued or retained messages sent from Home Assistant persist at the broker for offline subscribers. This option prevents the broker from retaining stale messages. The expected value for this option is a JSON mapping, for example, `{\"days\": 1, \"hours\": 2, \"minutes\": 20, \"seconds\": 30}` or `{\"seconds\": 3600}`."
```
